README.md, before:

# OpenTelemetry for JavaScript on Fastly Compute

An implementation of the [OpenTelemetry JavaScript API](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/) for
[Fastly Compute](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/).

Generate traces like this one to follow activity and time in your Compute applications:

![Sample Trace](./assets/readme-demo-trace.png "Sample Trace")

**index.js**:

```javascript
/// <reference types="@fastly/js-compute" />

import './telemetry.js'
import { context, trace } from "@opentelemetry/api";

addEventListener("fetch", (event) => event.respondWith(handleRequest(event)));
async function handleRequest(event) {
  const tracer = trace.getTracerProvider()
    .getTracer('my-tracer');

  const mySpan = tracer.startSpan('my-task');
  context.with(trace.setSpan(context.active(), mySpan), () => {
    doTask();
  });
  mySpan.end();

  return new Response('OK', {
    status: 200,
    headers: new Headers({"Content-Type": "text/plain"}),
  });
}
```

**telemetry.js**:

```javascript
import { context, trace } from "@opentelemetry/api";
import { Resource } from "@opentelemetry/resources";
import { SemanticResourceAttributes } from "@opentelemetry/semantic-conventions";

import { FastlySDK } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/sdk-fastly";
import { OTLPTraceExporter } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend";
import { getComputeJsAutoInstrumentations } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-compute-js";

const sdk = new FastlySDK({
  traceExporter: new OTLPTraceExporter({ backend: 'otlp-collector' }),
  instrumentations: [ getComputeJsAutoInstrumentations(), ],
  resource: new Resource({ [SemanticResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME]: 'readme-demo', }),
});
await sdk.start();
```

This implementation extends the standard interfaces and objects provided by the
OpenTelemetry [JavaScript API](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/main/api) and
[SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js), adapting them for use on the Fastly Compute platform.

Whereas `opentelemetry-js` would separate each concern into its own `npm` package,
we provide our components as a single package with multiple exports.

## Updates for v0.3

As of `v0.3.0`, `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry` no longer requires Webpack.

## Modules

The table below lists the modules included in this package.

| **Module** (links to documentation)                                                                          | **Export Name**                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Fastly OpenTelemetry SDK](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly)                                                   | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly`                           | A utility library that simplifies the initialization and coordination of OpenTelemetry components in use with a Compute JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| [Fastly Compute JavaScript Lifecycle instrumentation](./src/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js) | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js`    | An [instrumentation library](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/glossary/#instrumentation-library) that generates traces for the Compute application lifecycle.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Fastly Backend Fetch instrumentation](./src/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch)             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch` | An instrumentation library that generates traces for `fetch()` calls to Fastly backends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| [Fastly Compute JavaScript auto-instrumentations](./src/auto-instrumentations-compute-js)                    | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-compute-js`                   | A meta package that automatically loads instrumentations for Compute JavaScript.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Trace SDK for Fastly](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly)                                                 | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly`                     | Provides [Span Processor](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#span-processor), [Tracer Provider](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#tracer-provider), and [Context Manager](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/api/context/#context-manager) implementations for use with a Compute JavaScript application.                               |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly backend](./src/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend)                                | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend`                 | A [Span Exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#span-exporter) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/docs/specification.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly backend](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/javascript/#communicating-with-backend-servers-and-the-fastly-cache). |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./src/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger)                      | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`                  | A Span Exporter implementation that exports traces using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format [over a Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Metrics SDK for Fastly](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-metrics-fastly)                                             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-metrics-fastly`                   | Provides a [Metric Reader](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/metrics/sdk/#metricreader) implementation for use with a Compute JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| [Metrics Exporter for Fastly backend](./src/opentelemetry-exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend)              | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend`               | A [Metric Exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/metrics/sdk/#metricexporter) implementation that exports metrics using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format over a Fastly backend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| [Metrics Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./src/opentelemetry-exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger)    | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger`                | A Metric Exporter implementation that exports metrics using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format over a Fastly named log provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| [Exporter Base Classes](./src/otlp-exporter-fastly-base)                                                     | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-fastly-base`                          | Base classes for exporters, containing common code used by the exporter classes listed above.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Diagnostic Logger for Fastly named log provider](./src/diag-fastly-logger)                                  | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/diag-fastly-logger`                                 | A [DiagLogger](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2022/troubleshooting-nodejs/#enable-logging) implementation that logs to a Fastly named log provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Core Utilities](./src/core) (Internal Use)                                                                  | (Not exported)                                                                        | Utilities intended to be used internally by the library and not from user code.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

## Examples

See the examples in the [`/examples`](./examples) directory.

| **Example Directory**                                           | Description                                                                                                                                |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [readme-demo](./examples/readme-demo)                           | Example demo from the beginning of this README                                                                                             |
| [readme-demo-ts](./examples/readme-demo-ts)                     | Example demo from the beginning of this README, ported to TypeScript                                                                       |
| [basic-tracing-example](./examples/basic-tracing-example)       | Basic Tracing Example                                                                                                                      |
| [basic-tracing-example-ts](./examples/basic-tracing-example-ts) | Basic Tracing Example in TypeScript                                                                                                        |
| [basic-metrics-example](./examples/basic-metrics-example)       | Basic Metrics Example                                                                                                                      |
| [otel-demo](./examples/otel-demo)                               | Example that demonstrates OpenTelemetry traces that start at the Edge and nest into an operation at the backend.                           |
| [otel-http-proxy](./examples/otel-http-proxy)                   | A sample application designed to collect traces as an HTTPS log endpoint for a Fastly service, sending them to an OpenTelemetry collector. |

## Use with TypeScript

This library is designed to work with both JavaScript and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) applications written for
Fastly Compute.

Check out [readme-demo-ts](./examples/readme-demo-ts) and [basic-tracing-example-ts](./examples/basic-tracing-example-ts)
in the `examples` directory for working sample programs using TypeScript. 

## Notes

### Environment Variables

OpenTelemetry defines a well-documented set of [environment variables](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/configuration/sdk-environment-variables.md)
that are designed to allow you to configure defaults for its libraries. However, JavaScript applications built to run on
Fastly's Compute platform perform their upfront initialization at _build time ("build-time initialization")_ rather
than during each invocation (that's how they start up so fast). This means that the platform cannot provide a way to read
from the environment during build-time initialization, when most OpenTelemetry libraries are initializing.

Therefore, when using this library, the `getEnv()` function will always return the default values defined by OpenTelemetry.
Any changes you require to these defaults need to be made programmatically.

### Compatibility

Some `opentelemetry-js` modules are not currently compatible with Fastly Compute.
The table below is a non-comprehensive list of such components.

| **Component**                                                     | Package                                                                                                                             | Reason / Workaround                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OTLPTraceExporter`                                               | `@opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-http`                                                                                           | Relies on `XmlHttpRequest` and `navigator.beacon`, which are not available in Compute. Use `OTLPTraceExporter` from `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend` or `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger` instead.     |
| `OTLPMetricExporter`                                              | `@opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-http`                                                                                         | Relies on `XmlHttpRequest` and `navigator.beacon`, which are not available in Compute. Use `OTLPTraceExporter` from `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend` or `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger` instead. |
| `ZoneContextManager`                                              | `@opentelemetry/context-zone`<br />`@opentelemetry/context-zone-peer-dep`                                                           | Relies on `zone.js`, which is incompatible with Compute. Use `FastlyStackContextManager`.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `AsyncHooksContextManager`<br />`AsyncLocalStorageContextManager` | `@opentelemetry/context-async-hooks`                                                                                                | Relies on `async_hooks`, which is not available in Compute. Use `FastlyStackContextManager`.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `NodeSDK`                                                         | `@opentelemetry/sdk-node`                                                                                                           | This SDK is for Node, which is not compatible with Compute. Use `FastlySDK`.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Instrumentations included in `opentelemetry-js`                   | `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-*`<br />`@opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-node`<br />`@opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-web` | These rely on other frameworks and modules that are not compatible with Compute. Use `FastlyComputeJsInstrumentation` and `FastlyBackendFetchInstrumentation`.                                                                                                                 |

## Issues

If you encounter any non-security-related bug or unexpected behavior, please [file an issue][bug]
using the bug report template.

[bug]: https://github.com/fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/issues/new?labels=bug

### Security issues

Please see our [SECURITY.md](./SECURITY.md) for guidance on reporting security-related issues.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Updated README to mention requirement for Top Level Await.

README.md, after:

# OpenTelemetry for JavaScript on Fastly Compute

An implementation of the [OpenTelemetry JavaScript API](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/) for
[Fastly Compute](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/).

Generate traces like this one to follow activity and time in your Compute applications:

![Sample Trace](./assets/readme-demo-trace.png "Sample Trace")

**index.js**:

```javascript
/// <reference types="@fastly/js-compute" />

import './telemetry.js'
import { context, trace } from "@opentelemetry/api";

addEventListener("fetch", (event) => event.respondWith(handleRequest(event)));
async function handleRequest(event) {
  const tracer = trace.getTracerProvider()
    .getTracer('my-tracer');

  const mySpan = tracer.startSpan('my-task');
  context.with(trace.setSpan(context.active(), mySpan), () => {
    doTask();
  });
  mySpan.end();

  return new Response('OK', {
    status: 200,
    headers: new Headers({"Content-Type": "text/plain"}),
  });
}
```

**telemetry.js**:

```javascript
import { context, trace } from "@opentelemetry/api";
import { Resource } from "@opentelemetry/resources";
import { SemanticResourceAttributes } from "@opentelemetry/semantic-conventions";

import { FastlySDK } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/sdk-fastly";
import { OTLPTraceExporter } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend";
import { getComputeJsAutoInstrumentations } from "@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-compute-js";

const sdk = new FastlySDK({
  traceExporter: new OTLPTraceExporter({ backend: 'otlp-collector' }),
  instrumentations: [ getComputeJsAutoInstrumentations(), ],
  resource: new Resource({ [SemanticResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME]: 'readme-demo', }),
});
await sdk.start();
```

This implementation extends the standard interfaces and objects provided by the
OpenTelemetry [JavaScript API](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/main/api) and
[SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js), adapting them for use on the Fastly Compute platform.

## New!

As of `v0.3.0`, `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry` no longer requires Webpack.

Additionally, if you're using the `FastlySDK` module, you will need `@fastly/js-compute`
v3.11.0 or newer and enable Top Level Await. Find where you call the binary `js-compute-runtime` and
add the flag like so `js-compute-runtime --experimental-enable-top-level-await`
(This is usually in either `package.json` or `fastly.toml`).

Look at the demos included in this package for working examples.

## Modules

Whereas `opentelemetry-js` would separate each concern into its own `npm` package,
we provide our components as a single package with multiple exports.

| **Module** (links to documentation)                                                                          | **Export Name**                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Fastly OpenTelemetry SDK](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly)                                                   | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly`                           | A utility library that simplifies the initialization and coordination of OpenTelemetry components in use with a Compute JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| [Fastly Compute JavaScript Lifecycle instrumentation](./src/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js) | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js`    | An [instrumentation library](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/glossary/#instrumentation-library) that generates traces for the Compute application lifecycle.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Fastly Backend Fetch instrumentation](./src/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch)             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch` | An instrumentation library that generates traces for `fetch()` calls to Fastly backends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| [Fastly Compute JavaScript auto-instrumentations](./src/auto-instrumentations-compute-js)                    | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-compute-js`                   | A meta package that automatically loads instrumentations for Compute JavaScript.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Trace SDK for Fastly](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly)                                                 | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly`                     | Provides [Span Processor](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#span-processor), [Tracer Provider](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#tracer-provider), and [Context Manager](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/js/api/context/#context-manager) implementations for use with a Compute JavaScript application.                               |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly backend](./src/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend)                                | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend`                 | A [Span Exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/trace/sdk/#span-exporter) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/docs/specification.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly backend](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/javascript/#communicating-with-backend-servers-and-the-fastly-cache). |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./src/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger)                      | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`                  | A Span Exporter implementation that exports traces using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format [over a Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Metrics SDK for Fastly](./src/opentelemetry-sdk-metrics-fastly)                                             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-metrics-fastly`                   | Provides a [Metric Reader](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/metrics/sdk/#metricreader) implementation for use with a Compute JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| [Metrics Exporter for Fastly backend](./src/opentelemetry-exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend)              | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend`               | A [Metric Exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/metrics/sdk/#metricexporter) implementation that exports metrics using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format over a Fastly backend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| [Metrics Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./src/opentelemetry-exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger)    | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger`                | A Metric Exporter implementation that exports metrics using the OTLP/HTTP JSON format over a Fastly named log provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| [Exporter Base Classes](./src/otlp-exporter-fastly-base)                                                     | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-fastly-base`                          | Base classes for exporters, containing common code used by the exporter classes listed above.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [Diagnostic Logger for Fastly named log provider](./src/diag-fastly-logger)                                  | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/diag-fastly-logger`                                 | A [DiagLogger](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2022/troubleshooting-nodejs/#enable-logging) implementation that logs to a Fastly named log provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Core Utilities](./src/core) (Internal Use)                                                                  | (Not exported)                                                                        | Utilities intended to be used internally by the library and not from user code.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

## Examples

See the examples in the [`/examples`](./examples) directory.

| **Example Directory**                                           | Description                                                                                                                                |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [readme-demo](./examples/readme-demo)                           | Example demo from the beginning of this README                                                                                             |
| [readme-demo-ts](./examples/readme-demo-ts)                     | Example demo from the beginning of this README, ported to TypeScript                                                                       |
| [basic-tracing-example](./examples/basic-tracing-example)       | Basic Tracing Example                                                                                                                      |
| [basic-tracing-example-ts](./examples/basic-tracing-example-ts) | Basic Tracing Example in TypeScript                                                                                                        |
| [basic-metrics-example](./examples/basic-metrics-example)       | Basic Metrics Example                                                                                                                      |
| [otel-demo](./examples/otel-demo)                               | Example that demonstrates OpenTelemetry traces that start at the Edge and nest into an operation at the backend.                           |
| [otel-http-proxy](./examples/otel-http-proxy)                   | A sample application designed to collect traces as an HTTPS log endpoint for a Fastly service, sending them to an OpenTelemetry collector. |

## Use with TypeScript

This library is designed to work with both JavaScript and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) applications written for
Fastly Compute.

Check out [readme-demo-ts](./examples/readme-demo-ts) and [basic-tracing-example-ts](./examples/basic-tracing-example-ts)
in the `examples` directory for working sample programs using TypeScript. 

## Notes

### Environment Variables

OpenTelemetry defines a well-documented set of [environment variables](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/configuration/sdk-environment-variables.md)
that are designed to allow you to configure defaults for its libraries. However, JavaScript applications built to run on
Fastly's Compute platform perform their upfront initialization at _build time ("build-time initialization")_ rather
than during each invocation (that's how they start up so fast). This means that the platform cannot provide a way to read
from the environment during build-time initialization, when most OpenTelemetry libraries are initializing.

Therefore, when using this library, the `getEnv()` function will always return the default values defined by OpenTelemetry.
Any changes you require to these defaults need to be made programmatically.

### Compatibility

Some `opentelemetry-js` modules are not currently compatible with Fastly Compute.
The table below is a non-comprehensive list of such components.

| **Component**                                                     | Package                                                                                                                             | Reason / Workaround                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OTLPTraceExporter`                                               | `@opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-http`                                                                                           | Relies on `XmlHttpRequest` and `navigator.beacon`, which are not available in Compute. Use `OTLPTraceExporter` from `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend` or `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger` instead.     |
| `OTLPMetricExporter`                                              | `@opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-http`                                                                                         | Relies on `XmlHttpRequest` and `navigator.beacon`, which are not available in Compute. Use `OTLPTraceExporter` from `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-backend` or `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-metrics-otlp-fastly-logger` instead. |
| `ZoneContextManager`                                              | `@opentelemetry/context-zone`<br />`@opentelemetry/context-zone-peer-dep`                                                           | Relies on `zone.js`, which is incompatible with Compute. Use `FastlyStackContextManager`.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `AsyncHooksContextManager`<br />`AsyncLocalStorageContextManager` | `@opentelemetry/context-async-hooks`                                                                                                | Relies on `async_hooks`, which is not available in Compute. Use `FastlyStackContextManager`.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `NodeSDK`                                                         | `@opentelemetry/sdk-node`                                                                                                           | This SDK is for Node, which is not compatible with Compute. Use `FastlySDK`.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Instrumentations included in `opentelemetry-js`                   | `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-*`<br />`@opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-node`<br />`@opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-web` | These rely on other frameworks and modules that are not compatible with Compute. Use `FastlyComputeJsInstrumentation` and `FastlyBackendFetchInstrumentation`.                                                                                                                 |

## Issues

If you encounter any non-security-related bug or unexpected behavior, please [file an issue][bug]
using the bug report template.

[bug]: https://github.com/fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/issues/new?labels=bug

### Security issues

Please see our [SECURITY.md](./SECURITY.md) for guidance on reporting security-related issues.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE).
