src/README.md, before:

## OpenTelemetry for Compute@Edge JavaScript

The subdirectories of this directory implement the various modules that compose this package.

| **Module**                                                                                                    | **Export Name**                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Fastly OpenTelemetry SDK](./opentelemetry-sdk-fastly)                                                        | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly`                           | A utility library that simplifies the initialization and coordination of OpenTelemetry components in use with a Compute@Edge JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| [Fastly Compute@Edge JavaScript Lifecycle instrumentation](./opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js) | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js`    | An [instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library) implementation that generates traces for the Compute@Edge application lifecycle.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly backend](./exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend)                                     | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend`                 | An [exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/main/doc/exporter-guide.md) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly backend](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/javascript/#communicating-with-backend-servers-and-the-fastly-cache). |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger)                           | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`                  | An [exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/main/doc/exporter-guide.md) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                             |
| [Diagnostic Logger for Fastly named log provider](./diag-fastly-logger)                                       | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/diag-fastly-logger`                                 | A [DiagLogger](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/diaglogger.html) implementation that logs to a [Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| [Webpack helpers](./webpack-helpers)                                                                          | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/webpack-helpers`                                    | A utility library that provides settings needed for use by [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org) as used by the build process of the Compute@Edge JavaScript application. Provides the shims and polyfills needed by the OpenTelemetry libraries.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Trace SDK for Fastly](./opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly) (Internal Use)                                       | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly`                     | A utility library that provides a [Tracer Provider](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/tracerprovider.html) and [Context Manager](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/contextmanager.html) implementations for use with a Compute@Edge JavaScript application.                                                                                                           |
| [Trace Exporter Base](./otlp-exporter-fastly-base) (Internal Use)                                             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-fastly-base`                          | A base class for exporters, containing common code used by `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend` and `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Commit message:

Add back backend-fetch instrumentation as its own module

src/README.md, after:

## OpenTelemetry for Compute@Edge JavaScript

The subdirectories of this directory implement the various modules that compose this package.

| **Module**                                                                                                    | **Export Name**                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Fastly OpenTelemetry SDK](./opentelemetry-sdk-fastly)                                                        | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-fastly`                           | A utility library that simplifies the initialization and coordination of OpenTelemetry components in use with a Compute@Edge JavaScript application.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| [Fastly Compute@Edge JavaScript Lifecycle instrumentation](./opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js) | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-compute-js`    | An [instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library) implementation that generates traces for the Compute@Edge application lifecycle.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| [Fastly Backend Fetch instrumentation](./opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch)                  | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastly-backend-fetch` | An [instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/glossary.md#instrumentation-library) implementation that generates traces for `fetch()` calls to Fastly backends.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly backend](./exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend)                                     | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend`                 | An [exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/main/doc/exporter-guide.md) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly backend](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/javascript/#communicating-with-backend-servers-and-the-fastly-cache). |
| [Trace Exporter for Fastly named log provider](./exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger)                           | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`                  | An [exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/main/doc/exporter-guide.md) implementation that exports traces using the [OTLP/HTTP JSON](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) format [over a Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                             |
| [Diagnostic Logger for Fastly named log provider](./diag-fastly-logger)                                       | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/diag-fastly-logger`                                 | A [DiagLogger](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/diaglogger.html) implementation that logs to a [Fastly named log provider](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/logging).                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| [Webpack helpers](./webpack-helpers)                                                                          | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/webpack-helpers`                                    | A utility library that provides settings needed for use by [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org) as used by the build process of the Compute@Edge JavaScript application. Provides the shims and polyfills needed by the OpenTelemetry libraries.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Trace SDK for Fastly](./opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly) (Internal Use)                                       | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-fastly`                     | A utility library that provides a [Tracer Provider](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/tracerprovider.html) and [Context Manager](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js-api/interfaces/contextmanager.html) implementations for use with a Compute@Edge JavaScript application.                                                                                                           |
| [Trace Exporter Base](./otlp-exporter-fastly-base) (Internal Use)                                             | `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-fastly-base`                          | A base class for exporters, containing common code used by `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-backend` and `@fastly/compute-js-opentelemetry/exporter-trace-otlp-fastly-logger`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
